---
layout: post
title: "Dinning "
date: 2008-02-09 22:22
comments: true
categories: 
---

<p>After been in Wellington for 3 days I am still living with Sydney timezone. Not so much with my sleeping but my dinning times. My sleeping time is weird but living less than 10 mins from work and not having to get in until 9.30am and finishes at 4.30pm helps :p</p>

<p>So today I decided to go to get my red meat fix sorted by paying a visit to a steakhouse I found closest to my apartment, even checked the menu before I go. But all was in vein because when I got to the restaurant.... it was closed!! WTF!!! On a Sunday in shopping area!! Oh well, I still have hope I can visit the second steakhouse so I started walking the OTHER direction and 10 mins later I was almost there. But as I got closer I could see the restaurant is a bit dark, oh no, then I got a little closer I could the restaurant stand is inside the restaurant, at this point I knew there is a good chance that this restaurant is closed as well. I confirmed it was closed when I was standing at its front door :(</p>

<p>Hugely disappointed, I considered my options, and decided to fix my immediate hunger so I popped into one cafe next to the steakhouse. I got into the cafe just in time before the kitchen closed, I quickly ordered Cesare salad and fresh OJ. It took a while to come but once it did I finished it quickly as the whole cafe closes at 3pm!?!? OMG what is this place!? Restaurants &amp; food court closed on Sundays in a shopping district.</p>

<p>By now it is starting to rain a little bit, so I went to a supermarket to buy a whole BBQ chicken, some salads, fruits &amp; bread. This time much healthier selection then what I've been buying since I got here :)</p>
